9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get here
top stories today. Stocks and bonds
sliding while oil swings after President
Trump's ultimatum to Iran to reopen the
Strait of Hormuz by tomorrow. Traders
adding to bets on a Fed rate hike this
year.
>> No sign of de-escalation in the war with
Iran threatening all US and Israeli
infrastructure in the region if Trump
follows through and attacks its power
plants.
I'm Stephen Engle at the China
Development Forum in Beijing where
Premier Li Keqiang is promising to
address worries over China's massive
trade surplus to the tune of $1.2
trillion by the way. I'll be speaking
later exclusively with UBS Group CEO
Sergio Ermotti and later
Fortescue Metals CEO Dino Otranto.
Plus more big interviews from Milken's
Global Investor Symposium here in Hong
Kong including Goldman Sachs' APAC
ex-Japan president Kevin Sneader as well
as Sung Kim, the head of South Korean AI
startup Upstage.
Day 24 of this Iran war and we are still
seeing no letup in sight. I think
markets once again awaken to that
reality that maybe there is still no
off-ramp right now. We came out of this
weekend with not much of resolution and
now we are counting down to this sort of
deadline that President Trump has laid
out on, you know, whether the Iranians
will want to reopen the Strait of Hormuz
here right now. Oil markets are in flux,
so are risk assets. Yeah, only bad
options uh and Iran
responding to that deadline from
President Trump with their own threats.
>> Yes. Uh so markets are falling out of
bed this morning and it's really only
about options when you look at markets
for example.
Plus you have the quite literally right
now bets of tightening and so you have
the US dollar coming back quite strongly
as well. So, there is a Fed conversation
as well. And how would this all plays
out really will be covering all those
for you of course across the different
conferences we're at today. Uh just very
briefly though, let's have a look at the
damage report early this Monday across
these markets. We're down 3% on the
Asian benchmark. We're down 2 and 1/2%
going into the last few minutes or so.
And then you have Taiwan coming online.
We'll get to that in a moment. So,
weaker equity markets, strong dollar,
swings in oil prices, gold is taking it
on the chin
today. 4 and 1/2, let's call it 5% drop
right now in gold prices following the
worst week in 40 years as far as gold
goes, right? So, the kryptonite as far
as gold is concerned
is a stronger dollar and clearly not
holding up well in the face of currently
priced rate hikes. Nikkei, Kospi,
Taiwan, and Oz coming online. Close your
eyes if you're long Korea. If you
haven't seen your markets just yet,
we're down 6 and 1/2 on Korean markets.
Taiwan is off
to a bad start. 2.6% to the downside.
Australia's now poised to enter a
correction. US futures going into the
European session as well later today.
You European futures are also coming up
on your screens and as you can see and
as expected still risk off there. And we
are likely to see the pressure continue
when Chinese markets come online.
Shanghai futures, oil futures have
coming online too. 3 and 1/2% to the
upside and we are set. I can tell you
that right now. We are set for a steep
drop in Chinese equities going into the
Monday session. All right, let's bring
in our news desk managing editor Jill
Disis. She joins us now with the latest.
It appears that the president is is sort
of losing control of this war right now.
What what's the latest?
>> Yes, Shobana. I think what's really kind
kind feeling very scattershot about this
latest threat from Trump, this 48-hour
deadline, which of course would put us
into our Tuesday morning, Monday night
in the US, for for it to expire, is that
it it does kind of feel a little bit
like a reversal from where we were just
even a few days before that where there
did seem to be an attempt at
de-escalating tensions. I think actually
it was the Republican Senator Lisa
Murkowski that kind of said it best here
where what Trump was essentially
threatening, this idea of you know, if
Iran does not reopen the Strait of
Hormuz, that they're going to start
bombing energy targets. I mean, that's
essentially what Trump got angry with
Israel for doing last week, right? I
mean, we saw massive moves in the oil
market, lots of escalating concerns
about oil supply when Israel was bombing
those energy targets. Obviously, we saw
Iran had the capacity to fire back and
attack you know, some of the largest
plants in the region, largest liquefied
natural gas plants in Qatar. So, you do
have a lot of those concerns about if
Trump does follow through, which you
know, I have to point out that Iran's
been quite defiant about this threat
saying that they would fire back at
energy targets as well,
that you could end up in a situation
where you're just escalating a lot of
things further.
Yeah, and we are going up that
escalation ladder quite quickly. And you
know, we're looking at we've heard from
the Israelis as well
over the week. I want to play that sound
bite out as well from the ambassador,
then we'll we'll talk about it just
after that. Let's play it out guys,
please if we can.
The end goal here is that there is not a
power an entity in Iran which is capable
of firing
massive numbers of ballistic missiles,
achieving a nuclear weapon, and
supporting proxies around the region. If
that can be achieved through the
collapse of this regime, so be it. If
not, those that's the minimum we have to
achieve.
And you know, I wonder when we're if
we're trying to figure out what the end
objective is here. I mean, there was
quite clearly as far as the Israelis
were concerned there, but as far as
President Trump, has he laid out that
beyond just the Strait of Hormuz? I
mean, I think at this point with Trump,
he's also laid out, you know, sort of
the complete demise of any
nuclear program ambitions that Iran has.
Obviously, when it comes to Israel,
they've kind of, you know, better
articulated that idea for total regime
change, but I think, you know, as we've
already seen with Iran, I mean, since
the outbreak of this war, you had you
know, the old supreme leader replaced
with his son, who if anything has just
been more hardline. So, it's a little
bit confusing in terms of what Trump's
end goal trajectories may be there. I
think the other thing to keep in mind
here is that we heard also from the US
Treasury Secretary Scott Bassin kind of
trying to bolster what Trump was saying
his rhetoric over the weekend saying
quote down here saying that sometimes
the only way to
you have to escalate to de-escalate,
which I think really just kind of shows
you there, you know, how how tricky this
entire situation is, but again,
has been a bit difficult to decipher the
the strategy here from the US. I think,
you know, that's kind of reflected as
well in what we're seeing in oil markets
and some of the confusion over trading
this morning. So, I guess we'll just
have to see,
you know, whether we hear any more from
Trump. Yeah, we're literally going to
have to wait and see and really what the
next move is. You know, the president
doesn't decide until he decides.
Jill, thank you so much. Jill Disis
there on our news desk, managing editor.
Speaking of just markets on quite
clearly still massive event headline
risk there. Nikkei, we're off 4.4 now.
So, you know what? Another day like
today, we could get below 50,000 on the
Nikkei.
We've taken out 5,500 in gold. 5,500 is
one to watch, of course, as pertains to
Korea. And
coin toss odds on the Fed moving to the
upside this year is now what markets are
looking at. Garfield Reynolds, who leads
our M Live coverage, is with us right
now. Garf,
take us through right now. Cross-asset
move as expected isn't an encouraging if
you long these markets. What's the pain
point today?
So many pain points.
I mean I think the real game changer for
a lot of assets is what you were
highlighting there with the sudden shift
to pricing a decent chance for a rate
hike from the Fed even just a couple of
weeks ago like less than it was a week
and a half ago we had something like 80%
odds for a cut by the end of the year.
Now we've got potential for a hike and
if you look at the way everybody's been
ramping up what they expect from other
central banks, you you have to argue
that those bets on a Fed hike are also
going to blossom and
you know that is the pain point for
bonds and then also feeding through you
know to equities. It's the clearest
expression you've got of
the idea that whatever happens in the
short term with escalation de-escalation
this is going to have a long-term impact
on economies and that's a lose-lose
situation for most assets because
nobody really saw anything like this
coming uh
while there was talk in February of the
potential for some sort of US action, I
think markets were mostly
pricing that as the potential for
something similar to what happened in
last June so you would have a short
sharp attack on Iran and a short sharp
shock to assets and then you know much
as we have had on various occasions with
President Trump those shocks you know
fade away and the base case of you know
decent economic growth, the AI boom uh
and a lot of money looking interested in
finding value in equities around the
globe that are exposed that I I boom
that that would resume and now we're
looking at a situation where that AI
trade is
you know off the radar because nobody's
quite sure
how you know what's going to survive of
that
as this conflict goes on and as the
likelihood increases that this energy
shocks are going to be with us for
months to come.
Yeah, I mean you're seeing as you
mentioned right the treasure market sort
of joining in on on this route that
we've seen across
global fixed income last week as well.
US yields are at the highest in months.
Where where to hide? I mean I'm looking
at gold prices and we just wrapped up a
one of the worst weeks in four decades
for gold. I mean are there are there any
places to really take shelter right now
Garfield?
Well gold's not much of a good place to
take shelter because at least in the
short term precisely because of that
interest rate equation.
You you've got the the argument that
central banks and others are still going
to want to buy gold for the long term as
a diversification from the dollar.
That's all well and good in the long
term but in the short term everybody is
primed to rush into the US dollar as the
only place they can be sure of liquidity
you know and some capacity to get into
it rapidly. You will get thanks to what
the Fed is being priced you will get a
decent you know yield you know while
you're sitting in there and if you need
to get out you can get out quickly.
Whereas most other assets you face
a much less certain
outlook. Uh you might consider places
like you know the Australian dollar
perhaps some other
currencies that are more peripheral from
the point of view of that they have
higher interest rates going forward.
Norwegian krone is exposed to crude.
That's good. But in general, the US
dollar is in the short term the only
haven left.
Garfield, thank you Garfield Reynolds
there who leads our markets live Asia
coverage. And we've got a big lineup of
guests really coming on the shows here
today. Perfect time to really talk about
all the volatility that we're seeing
across these markets. Goldman Sachs's
Kevin Sneader and Upstage CEO Sun Kim
joins us from Milken's Global Investor's
Symposium in Hong Kong. We've got Minmin
on the ground there. Plus we are at the
China Development Forum in Beijing with
UBS Group CEO Sergio Ermotti and
Fortescue Metals CEO Dino Otranto. And
we're kind of on the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. Yes,
it is going to be a pretty manic sort of
Monday for today. Futures are pointing
it lower this morning. This is
Bloomberg.
It's a busy day for markets, but yes,
this week in Hong Kong is pretty busy as
well. You talk about, you know, the
amount of events that are happening
here. We talked about the China
Development Forum that's happening, of
course, in greater China. You got Milken
in Hong Kong today. We're also watching,
of course, the sectors like oil,
obviously, gold, given the fact that
we've seen massive sell-off there in
gold prices this morning. Tencent
certainly there would be interesting
ones. WeChat launching their clawbot. So
we got to talk a little more about that.
The open claw story, how, you know,
bright is that still in China right now
given all this volatility. We're also
watching earnings like of Zijin Mining,
XPeng, Sinopec, and Sinopharm as well.
So certainly a lot on tap here this
week.
>> Yeah, I mean, Zijin Mining is coming out
today, so that's really the intersection
of many of the themes we're talking
about here. Wuxi AppTec, WeRide, some of
the big names on deck and as far as the
earning story is concerned. From
earnings, Yvonne is pointing out as
well, we do have, of course, some key
events this week. So two we're covering
today with Steve will hope will be with
shortly
at CDF. Minmin is at the Milken
Symposium in Hong Kong. The wealth for
good Hong Kong Summit is taking place
and we've got an interview coming up
tomorrow on that and we'll be at the
Bloomberg Family Office Summit of course
on Wednesday to wrap things up for the
week. Art Basel of course is kicking
things off towards the latter part in a
couple
of days. But yeah, going into this week
we're off to a very weak start. Futures
coming up shortly on your screen. Let's
pull it up if we can and we are set to
open lower across equity markets today.
Right. Okay, let's talk about the
Chinese side of the conversation right
now in terms of exports and trade.
Chinese Premier Li Qiang says that China
does not seek trade surplus and will
continue to embrace free trade and
advance opening up. Speaking at the
China Development Forum, Li said Beijing
was ready to to work with its partners
to iron out any issues.
We take our trading partners concerns
seriously and we are ready to work with
all parties to promote the sound and
balanced development of trade.
Let's head to Beijing and bring in our
chief North Asia correspondent Stephen
Engle. Yeah, just wrap us what we heard
over the weekend from the premier and
what the message it really was.
Yeah, I think he was trying to assuage
some of the concerns that have risen
obviously over the last few years if not
decade about China's imbalance of trade
and of course at a year last year of
those tariffs barrage from the Trump
administration, China still had a record
trade surplus with its trading partners
of 1.2 trillion US dollars and in the
first two months of this year exports
again surged. So he tried to downplay
this and say essentially
that we are going to we are in the
process of rebalancing. We are going to
open up further to foreign products. Uh
You know, we need to boost domestic
consumption. That is happening. And
again, that was front and center of many
of these executives concerns along with
of course the the growing concern about
a lasting war in the Middle East. Li
Qiang did address that. He has said,
you know, he was concerned about hotspot
issues that are deeply worrying. He
didn't mention the war in Iran by name
or the Middle East, but essentially said
what everybody was thinking that this
oil shock is a concern as it goes into a
fourth week with no necessary end in
sight. He said, Li Qiang, it's power
politics running rampant. But again, the
the issue to these global executives and
chairmen is about the opening up. What
he said is China never seeks a trade
surplus. We will further widen market
access for the services sector, increase
imports of medical health care products,
plus digital tech and low carbon
services. So again, he said the right
things. Now it's about implementation,
no doubt.
Yeah, and and Steve, I'm curious to also
hear what the corporates have been
saying. I mean, we heard from Apple and
against the backdrop really of China
uh sort of presenting itself as sort of
an anchor and you know, window this this
foundation of stability given everything
else that's taken place. Let's let's
let's hear Let's hear from Apple and
Steve, I'll I'll get your reaction to
that on the back of it.
There is a Chinese proverb I love.
A single tree does not make a forest.
A single string cannot make music.
But together, I believe we can plant
that forest.
Together,
I believe we will not only make music,
we will write a symphony.
Steve, what did he mean by that?
Well, he's saying the right things as
well because it came days after his
appearance here at the CDF came days
after the People's Daily, the mouthpiece
of the Communist Party essentially,
criticizing
alleged monopolistic behaviors in regard
to developer fees it pays. It has cut
It collects, I should say, not pays. It
recently, earlier this month I believe,
did cut those fees it charges to App
Store developers. But the People's Daily
was highly critical of those alleged
monopolistic behaviors and even calling
on Apple to cut its restrictive pricing
even further or potentially, I guess,
face further action. So I think Tim
Cook, who has been a regular participant
here at the CDF, was kind of sort of
saying the right things and ward off any
further regulatory action or any
particular regulatory action, preempting
that
in Apple for Apple in China in one of
its most critical markets. Now, a lot of
these CEOs and chairmen who are here
also trying to weather, you know, the
the highly competitive landscape, the
price wars across many different
industries, not just EVs, solar, and
battery, but including in the snacks
business and beverage business. I did
speak to Pepsico's Asia Pacific CEO
saying, you know, hyper competition is
one challenge and also, of course, the
uncertainty that has caused the
commodity rise across the world because
of the war in the Middle East makes
companies like this
really worried about the rise in sugar
prices, the rise in fertilizer prices,
and the like. And this is what Anne Tse,
who is the greater China CEO of Pepsico,
had to say on that matter.
It is a really a whole
ecosystem that we manage with very close
partners. We are mostly hedged. We have
our facility and our various commodities
hedged. And then we also have very local
sourcing program. In fact, 95% of our
locally
sourced ingredients are done local. And
then we also have
you know, very solid program that we
actually work with you know, strategic
partners that we actually manage on a
multi-year basis. We're definitely
you know, watching the situation very
very closely.
So after a long day yesterday where of
course the premier spoke, we had Tim
Cook speaking. We had the PBOC Governor
Pan Gongsheng speaking yesterday
followed by individual group meetings
between Vice Premier He Lifeng and
American businesses also here at the
Diaoyutai State Guesthouse. I think a
lot of the participants were up late you
know, meeting with Chinese officials. So
they're slowly working their way into
day two and the final day of the CDF
right now. We'll have another dizzy day
of exclusive interviews live from
western Beijing.
Steve, thank you. Stephen Engle in
Beijing for us as chief North Asia
correspondent. And a reminder of course
that Steve will be back in a couple of
minutes. Our exclusive coming up with
the UBS Group CEO from the CDF in a
couple of minutes. Stay tuned for that.
Plus of course the opening well in seven
minutes from now. Hang Seng index out of
the gates down. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Right, welcome back. We're down about
let's call it 2% in the early goings on
pricing on the benchmarks. We are set
given everything that's going on here
the risk aversion to open not just lower
substantially lower across these
markets. Quick note Goldman Sachs out
with a note this morning on Brent.
They've jacked it up from 77. They now
see 85.
By the way, and Brent we opened at 114
and have since paired back a little bit
as far as Brent prices go.
Oil stocks on your screens as well and
the earnings too. Yeah, I mean Sonoco
Products kind of is in the
face of all that, right? Earnings and of
course what we're seeing when it comes
to
the volatility around crude. So City was
talking about you know these earnings
really dragged down by the sizable asset
impairment loss despite the fact that
they actually did have free cash flow
that did turn positive for the first
time since 2022. The stock is down some
2% but they do expect when it comes to
refining margins to come under pressure
because of the premium that we're seeing
on oil prices of late. So certainly
maybe that's why we are seeing that
stock take a hit this morning. Gold
stocks could also be taking a hit here
just given what we've been seeing with
gold prices this morning. We have been
falling some 4%. Zijin Mining also came
out with their earnings that did miss
estimates. That just added to the bad
news there. So we're down 5 and 1/2% for
Zijin here this morning. Look at Shufeng
Gold Mine. That's down some 19%.
And we're watching China Tech, right?
What has been the more resilient sort of
trade has been of course what open claw
and all these kind of big tech.
But you know the earnings have been
quite disappointing last week here. So
continue to see a bit more bad news
there today. Yeah, markets have been
extremely sensitive to negative dynamics
as far as earnings go. Plus of course
there's what's going on in the Middle
East. The opening bell is coming up
next.
>> Right, welcome back. So, as you can see,
risk assets are under pressure. Just to
all to tell you about and should be set
to speak in a couple of minutes.
Uh the head of the IEA Fatih Birol is
set to speak. And we are expect Okay,
you know, Birol, sorry, just to correct.
Okay, live TV, folks. Um
and it it's going to be consequential
what he says and as far as what they
expect how long they expect oil prices
to and oil prices to obviously, but the
oil supply to come back online.
Uh given given what's taking place. I
think the previous interview he did with
the FT, which is late last week, was it
it's going to take 6 months for a supply
to come fully come back online. So,
that's going to be important. Yeah, I
mean, he he said in the last few weeks
as well about the warnings about the the
global oil market is facing as large as
ever shock. And I think, you know, 6
months is it just goes to show even if
we'd see a de-escalation now, the amount
of economic scarring long-term could be
something that, you know, markets are
maybe still now waking up to that
reality of, you know, is there that risk
S&P laid out in their kind of macro note
of the the stackflation scenario being a
bit more entrenched now if this conflict
continues on. Uh as of course we enter
into day 24 on this Monday morning. Of
course, that ultimatum that President
Trump laid out over the weekend, that
does expire Monday night in the US. So,
we still have about 24 hours to see what
could come out of this. Uh whether, you
know, if Iran reopens those straight up
war moves uh or face, of course, the US
according to President Trump uh in
bombing their power plants. So,
certainly that threat itself uh was
enough and in Iran's basically defiance
was enough to kind of send risk assets
uh down the toilet here this morning.
You take a look at how China markets are
doing and they're kind of joining in on
the fray. Uh but we are seeing 1%
declines across the board for the CSI
300 Shanghai Composite uh nearly 2%
losses for Shenzen this morning.
Shanghai crude, we continue to see
futures there up some 4% here as well.
Copper is on offer and it seems like
most of these large caps are just kind
of selling uh across the board here
today. Take a look at what comes to Hong
Kong. Uh there is some earnings to tell
you about. There's some oil stocks, of
course, and gold stocks that did report
earnings as well. So, you know, what
they say about the potential for margins
to really get pressured is certainly one
thing to watch out for given what
they've been seeing with with oil prices
of late. Uh here's how Hong Kong is
doing. There you go. 2% losses across
the board. HS Tech is you know, seeing
massive losses with the likes of
Alibaba. Uh Baidu's down 4 and 1/2%.
Meituan is also down 2% this morning.
So, I think we're just selling now and
asking questions later. But yes, we're
falling below 25,000 for the Hang Seng
index here this morning. Uh it's not
really about you know, the earnings
thing is is one thing last week. I think
right now it's really kind of just
conviction is really just more about
risk aversion right now. So, it is
indiscriminate right now what we're
seeing across these markets. Take a look
at oil stocks. That is where we are
seeing a lot of volatility given the
fact that you know, we we've seen a bit
of whipsaw when it comes to oil prices
just given the the mixed messages that
we're getting from President Trump,
right? So, you know, the fact that we
got that you know, post from 7:44 p.m.
Eastern time Saturday about this
ultimatum. It was only shortly before
that when the US talked about how they
wanted to de-escalate in some ways and
and maybe uh you know, cut back from
their military sort of efforts in Iran.
So, you know, there you go. You have
mixed picture across some of these oil
names here this morning. Sinopec we
talked about here the impact on their
earnings as well. So, City talked about
there was a massive asset impairment
loss there that maybe took a hit. Uh
we're down some 3% for that stock. But
PetroChina Sinopec doing a little bit
better than the rest of the group this
morning. Zijin Mining here some of your
gold miners here that really taking on
the chin as Dave mentioned.
Just given the fact that gold prices
have not been behaving, right? Um Zijin
Mining is down close to 7%. They also
missed their estimates, which didn't
help. Uh, Zijin Gold is also lower by 4
and 1/2 this morning. Um, but yeah, you
know, Goldman Sachs was the latest
really to kind of raise their bread
forecast for this year, right? From 77
now to $85 here. So, a massive sort of
um
adjustment, so to speak. Yeah, it this
is a whole wholesale deleveraging we're
seeing across markets. Everything that
did do well, gold as an example, Zijin
Mining is well example. Korea is another
example. The dollar is going is catching
a lot of that deleveraging um taking
place right now. So, uh global equities
are extending their losses this Monday
coming up on your screens. That's
Europe's probably going to be coming
under pressure, tremendous pressure. 4%,
5%, and 3% as far as the benchmarks go.
Uh, rest of the region, it's everything
but the dollar. Uh, US dollar's up. Gold
is really, really feeling it uh today.
We're uh down about 1%. 10-year yield,
just to underscore that point, 50%
probability the Fed's going to hike by
October is the current pricing right
now.
Uh, and yeah, um how do we need to be
really thinking about the outlook, the
earnings, likely earnings hit, the hit
to consumption, and what central banks
are are likely going to be
how are they going to be deciding
interest rate policy based on everything
else that's going on here? Yeah, and and
it's a perfect timing to have an event
to talk about all this, right? The
Milken Institute's annual Global
Investor Symposium is underway here in
Hong Kong, where business and investment
leaders are gathering to discuss how
shifts in capital flows and regional
growth are reshaping investment strategy
across the region. Let's cross over to
our China correspondent Mandy Lo, who's
there with our next guest.
Hey, Yvonne, what a day to be holding
this symposium. Markets are choppy, and
Iran definitely dominating
conversations, and it's already been a
very busy morning for our next guest
here, Kevin Sneader, APAC ex-Japan
president at Goldman Sachs. Kevin, great
to have you.
Your thoughts on the Iran war and its
implications on Asian economies,
particularly on growth and earnings.
Well, it's what everyone's talking
about, no surprise this morning and
beyond. I think in part there has to be
some level of differentiation as to how
it impacts the different economies. In
many ways, China is less directly
impacted for no other reason than its
dependency on crude oil and on Iranian
crude oil. When you multiply all the way
through, it's a relatively low
proportion of their energy needs. The
combination of coal, renewables, and
nuclear means that China really only has
crude oil around 18% of its energy
stack. And then call it 12% or so of
that is from Iran. Do the math and that
gets to a small number. That does not
look the same all the way across the
region. Places like Korea, India, and
Japan more dependent either on crude or
LNG. And therefore, the immediate
read-across makes one look at those
economies more closely. But here's the
thing. Global growth matters to China.
It's an export-driven economy and
therefore, it's wrong to say that it is
unimpacted, but it is less directly
impacted. Yeah, and actually Chinese
markets so far has been seen as largely
a safe haven from the Iran war. But
actually, if you look at year-to-date so
far, it's been trading sideways and if
you compare to the Kospi, yes, there's a
lot of volatility, but it's steadily
climbing. How are investors looking at
these two markets? Well, this is what
makes for an interesting conversation.
In many ways, the Chinese onshore market
has been correcting since last September
after quite a rally from the previous
September. The converse is true of the
Kospi. Clearly, it's been on a tear. And
as you know, it's been sort of rapidly
rising for good reason on the back of
confidence around the memory supply,
some geopolitical tailwinds, and that
propelled it through the 5,000 number.
We remain pretty positive about Korea.
And that's anchored in our sense of
where the memory supply needs of the
world are headed. And that's why, for us
at least, a target of 7,000 for Cosby is
possible. But to be clear, Korea is one
of the geographies where questions
around energy are going to be loudest.
And that's why I think you're seeing
some of what you're seeing. Conversely,
China's already discussed the direct
energy impact may be limited, but of
course growth matters. As so does
diversification. And one thing that's
now true about China, we see a
correlation of roughly 0.8% with the
S&P. And so it is a diversified market.
Question around long-run growth and the
implications of Iran, but near-term at
least, the energy factor is lesser for
China.
You've been on a world tour recently.
You were in Shanghai, New York, and
London. What are you hearing from market
participants and policy makers,
particularly on how they view Chinese
growth? Well, I think one of the
questions that gets louder as you head
towards Europe is around the notion of a
balanced trading environment, something
Li Qiang talked about this week at so
this week and rather at CDF. And I think
as you head towards Europe, they can't
but notice the recent numbers, January
and February. Imports so imports into
China up 11%, good, but exports from
China into the European Union up 28%.
And so the question that arises is, is
there an expiry date on the Chinese
export-led growth model?
And that I think is a conversation that
continues to percolate in Europe in
particular. In the US, the dominant
discussion remains the US economy.
What's going to happen to rates? Will
they be cutting given the inflationary
pressures of what we've now got by way
of the oil supply shock? That's the
question in the US. It's actually a
different question in Europe, which
really gets to the heart of the European
economic model, its dependency or its
reliance in having an export market in
China, but also the significant wave of
imports and how sustainable that is. So
to your point, when do you see as the
expiry date for China's export-led
growth?
>> That's an open question, but it's a
question I think will come into focus. I
don't have a date to give you, but I do
sense and I do recognize, as I think do
Chinese China's leaders, which is why I
think the Chong made the speech he made
this weekend, that there has to be a
rebalancing and I was very struck in the
15th 5-year plan. Yes, we've heard it
before, but the emphasis on consumption
and it's very hard not to have a policy
meeting in China and not be told about
or hear discussion around what's being
done to get consumption really. But
that's been said before. It's a tough
journey to go on, but it is a journey
that really will offset what otherwise
will be a bifurcating Chinese economy.
Immense strength in technology and
export led growth, a weakness in
domestic consumption. The two do need to
be reconciled.
What is your thought on inflation
because there is concern that this cost
led inflation is actually a quite a
dangerous way to get out of deflation in
China. Yeah, well, this is the irony.
China's been looking for inflation, but
cost driven inflation is not the same as
demand pull inflation and it may only
impact therefore the upstream industrial
part of the Chinese economy. So, it's
not a panacea.
But it's just possible it will actually
go partly into rising prices that give a
little bit of growth more generally to
the prices and indices. We can see 1%
inflation on the PPI scale, but let's be
clear. If it's cost driven, it's not the
same as getting the demand pull that
really people are looking for China to
create.
I just want to talk about some of the
recent regulatory moves we had seen. So,
the SFC has raided some brokerages. It's
also named and shamed certain investment
banks for shoddy paperwork. Do you agree
with the government's assessment? I
think one of the things that Hong Kong
has always stood for is high standards.
High standards are a good thing. I think
for all of us who operate in these
markets, we want to see the standards
maintained, standards for which Hong
Kong is well known. So, I think the
SFC's actions to protect and sustain the
standards of the IPO market and more
generally they're to be welcomed. And
we, I know, and others are all very
focused on making sure we do our part to
deliver against those standards. On the
mainland side, we did see the CSRC take
actions to prevent the listing of more
rigid firms in Hong Kong. How big of an
impact is this going to have on the
investment banking side of things and on
foreign investors inflows as well? Well,
I'm reading what you're writing. So, I
have to say at this point that's what
we're all dealing with.
Um I think it's yet to be seen. It's a
relatively modest part of, for example,
the IPO pipelines that we can all have
visibility into. So, at this stage you
would say it's modest, but clearly what
people are watching is how receptive is
China to continued investment from
overseas and how do overseas people see
the players in China and their
willingness to create a regulatory
environment in which that's doable. I
think on the red chip issue, let's see
how that plays through. There are good
examples and bad examples and I think
China is clearly working in this area,
but at this point it's too early to tell
how it's going to impact the market. All
right, always great to have you Kevin
Sneader. That was Kevin Sneader, APAC
ex-Japan president at Goldman Sachs.
Yvonne.
All right, Min-Min Fuchai Sticker. I'll
take it from here. Min-Min there of
course with Kevin Sneader, the APAC
ex-Japan
president at Goldman. All right, from
one newsmaker to another and then we'll
go to another shortly after this.
Fatih Birol is speaking
in Canberra. He is of course the
executive director the head of the IEA.
Well, so far one thing has come out that
Asia is at the very forefront of this
crisis. Let's let's listen in.
necessary. Is it a price benchmark? We
are hearing estimates and you are too
from Saudi Arabia if this drags on into
April of hitting $150.
Others comfortably predicting 120.
What's the level at which a further
intervention might be required?
>> quote any specific price level, but I
have to discuss with my member
governments and make a
good assessment of the markets and then
I will move afterwards. Many countries
are starting to adopt defensive
positions on their own fuel stock
holdings presently for different
reasons. Iraq has declared contractual
force majeure on supplies from some of
its plants. China, at least until the
end of March, has put a pause on exports
of petrol, diesel, and jet fuel. Do you
view this as an expanding trend from
major importers and refiners?
I see that there is
a growing problem in
Asia, immediate problem in
Asian countries, and this issue,
especially in the context of products.
Diesel and jet fuel, we will feel it
more and more in Europe and beyond. It
is coming through, of course, again
countries have their stocks.
We have our stocks
and we are
incentivizing many countries who have
refineries to
move faster than they do
and we are talking with the countries
who are
oil exporters, but not in this region,
to increase their oil production. I can
give you two examples. One of them is
Canada.
They talking with the Canadian Minister.
They have
They have postponed some of the
maintenance work and increase their
production. The other one is Mexico,
also moving in that direction.
>> With a view to them exporting to the
Asia Pacific in particular? More to the
markets, of course Asia Pacific I'm sure
will be one of the first destinations.
Okay, Dr. Birol, I don't want to
dominate too much of the time cuz I'm
conscious that the colleagues in the
room have many questions. One last one
Okay, yeah, just for our Bloomberg
clients, you can continue watching that
specific conversation on your terminal
that's on live go. Um to continue just
of course let's let's let's wait and see
what else they have to say there.
While you look at these markets just to
also mention some lines coming through
out of BVA here in China. So upgrading
their inflation forecast for 2026. This
is Helen Qiao and her team I'm guessing
here. So talking about 0.7% for CPI
inflation. I'm guessing they're
forecasting what the oil price impact
might be, but in in the implications of
that is they now don't expect rate cuts
from the PBOC here this year. Removing
that call for 20 basis points of rate
cuts this year. Okay, yeah, fairly
consequential developing moving story.
All of these things are connected,
aren't they? In fact, speaking of
China, let's head it back let's let's
head straight back now in fact to
Beijing where chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Engle is standing
by with his next guest. Steve.
Yeah, that's right. We're here at the
China Development Forum, the annual
conference that was set up in 2000 by
then Premier Zhu Rongji to give Western
and international executives the
opportunity to speak directly with
Chinese officials in the weeks after the
National People's Congress. This year
it's special because they did basically
ratify the next five-year plan here in
China. Joining us now one is one of
those international CEOs is UBS Group
CEO Sergio Ermotti. Thanks so much for
being with us exclusively here at the
Diaoyutai State Guesthouse. What stood
out to you? Obviously there's a lot of
concern about the excess capacity being
exported abroad and some of the trade
surplus issues 1.2 trillion dollars
which Li Qiang you know addressed but at
the front of everybody's mind is the
stresses that are being caused in the
Middle East.
>> Exactly. So I think that uh
Well, I I I this is basically the
biggest topic we have been discussing
lately. Of course the good developments
of China are somehow on the side for the
second but
you know when I go back to that I do
believe that China will continue to have
a pretty good growth driven by
innovation and
and the desire really to address also
the topics of climate through
innovations and so uh but in a sense you
know that kind of a growth may be
derailed by what's going on right now in
Iran.
Energy prices are likely to stay high
for the foreseeable future putting some
inflation
pressure
and and and also some pressure on the on
on the delivery chain or on
on the supply chain on the supply chain
and and in that sense
the situation is a little bit unstable.
We're into the fourth week of this war
with no end in sight really. There's
ultimatums out there.
There are surely mitigation
plans being put in place by businesses.
What do you see as the direct cost to
your business and your clients right now
and with no end in sight how does that
translate to mitigation advice? But we
saw clients already
diversifying their portfolios earlier on
this year. You saw much more dispersion
in the way they were looking at
maybe shifting away from more DAI
technology to a more diversified
portfolio. That was a good move
considering what we see in the last few
weeks. At this stage clients are still
broadly speaking
calm.
We don't see any major shift in asset
allocation, but of course,
you know, this this pressure that I
mentioned before on the economy will
start to wait into into into the
markets.
>> What are your clients directly telling
you? I mean, they're they're worried
about the length of this. Everyone I've
talked to here, they're just they don't
know how long this this uncertainty is
going to last, and we don't know where
oil prices are going to end up at the
end of the day. Well, the topic I would
say is not only how long is going to go,
but really to fully understand how long
is going to take to digest this the
shock somehow, or the surprise of this
crisis, particularly for the Middle
East. I mean, the fact that the entire
region has been destabilized in that
way,
will take some time to to to be digested
by investors and and and by the market.
So, I would say that you uh
uh
I think it's much more important to
understand the second part, the
digestions, rather than how quickly this
uh will will end. I don't know how how
it's how long it's going to go, but
for sure, I don't think that uh uh we
can't have a situation like like that
going on for too long. How cautious does
it make you and your expansion plans? I
know you just got uh the designation
changed in the United States with a
chartered bank there. That's a positive
development. Last year you got full
ownership of the securities business
here in China. I mean, does it affect
your M&A outlook and how you plan to
grow the business going forward? Well,
no. I mean, it's not I mean, because we
don't really run the business on a
stop-and-go kind of uh so, I think that
we may tactically have to slow down
certain investments, but of course,
the the direction of growth in the US,
in Asia, and across the globe is is
there. So, I think that we need to
continue to invest in capabilities, in
artificial intelligence to make our
processes more efficient. We need to uh
invest in order to make our
client advisor more
efficient in the way they they serve
clients. So, this is cannot change. Any
contingency plans you can reveal to us
for your employees? You have a sizable
presence in Dubai. You also have another
presence in Abu Dhabi. What are you
doing there? No, we have been helping
people to relocate with their families
when it was necessary for personal
reason or for security reason.
At this stage, we are able to operate
with contingency planning
both in the in the in the locations
where we are based or with the support
of outside
colleagues that lives maybe in Europe or
or in
in the in the in in the
this side of the world. Can you update
your position right now? Any change that
you've seen from the Swiss government on
the capital requirements? That
deadline's coming up next month very
quickly. I I assume your position has
not changed at all as far as the
proposals for those big boosts in
capital requirements by the Swiss
government. Have you seen any
conciliatory tone at all for any of the
other No, there are no news. We do
expect
the a formal decision by our the Federal
Council, our government, to to be done
by the end of April.
So,
or the early part of May. I don't know
exactly the date. We don't know the
date, but
no major changes and
we are waiting to see the final outcome.
As it stands right now, unacceptable to
you, right? It's this is not going to
work for us and therefore, but we wait
and see. Now, there is a democratic
process. We contributed with our views
on this process and now we will see what
is the final decision. Now, in the last
couple of months, we did see some news
from you guys saying that you might stay
on until 2027 next year
as CEO.
Then there's some reports as well that
the board is thinking they want you to
stay longer because of the uncertainty,
because of these capital requirements.
Is that something that has been
discussed right now that you would stay
on beyond 2027?
Look,
we always say that I'm going to stay at
least until 2027,
April 2027. Right now, we are very
focused on the finalizing
the integration of Credit Suisse. It's
almost done. It's not, you know, and
therefore, this is my focus and then we
will take it from there.
I did see your Asia Pacific head, Iqbal
Khan, here. Obviously, Rob Karofsky is
your US head.
How is that possible positioning coming
up as far as the successor? I have to
ask you whether that is
even getting a clear focus as far as who
might take over as CEO.
>> Well, look, you know, I think that we
are lucky that we have a range of
candidates internally, but right now we
need to stay very focused on executing
on our current integration strategy and
staying close to clients navigating this
environment. So, succession is not a
topic for the moment. Not for now, but
sir, thank you so much for your time
here at the CDF. Hope to see you very
soon. Okay, we're going to send it back
to you. We have many more interviews
coming up. You're in Western Beijing
from the China Development Forum.
All right, Steve.
Fantastic. Lots more coming through as
well for our coverage there at the CDF
in Beijing and of course at the Milken
Symposium here in Hong Kong. Right, just
before we look at what who else we're
speaking to there, just a brief look at
markets and where we are and the damage
report really. Equity markets are not
doing too well. Bond markets, ditto.
It's really just the dollar. Commodity
markets, oil is swinging. We're not
really seeing a big move currently in
oil. It's really in gold where it's
really starting to stand out or stand
down if you go directionally.
Can we pull up something just so our
viewers can see where we are? Asia
Pacific, we're down 2.7% now.
We'll show you a couple of charts later
on. In fact, when you look at the Korean
markets, the cost be specifically
uh
the 50-day moving average has actually
held up quite strongly in recent
sell-offs. We're back there today, and
we'll see if that holds up going into
the the thick of the this week. Depends,
I guess, of in terms of events Yeah, and
and so we're hearing from Fatih Birol
from the IEA, right? When they're
talking about, you know, how long this
is going to last, and you know, really
talking about how this is the Asia's
definitely is has a growing oil products
problem in the region. So, highlighting
a bit of more about that, um and, you
know, just adds to, I guess, the angst
that you're seeing across these markets
here right now. We'll bring you the
latest when it comes to IEA coming up.
Well, a lot more on the next hour.
You're watching The China Show.
Do you think Do you Do you Do you see it
as an obligation or something that the
Australian government will just decide
if they can spare the fuel?
I think they feel
they feel looking at photos.
Oil price shocks. The second one was on
the car
or transportation sector.
Just before those
oil price crisis,
a car, an average car in the world for
100 km,
uh consumed about 20 L
of gasoline, and as a result of fuel
efficiency
measures, it is halved in 10 years of
time. So, you need about 10 L. The
The third one
was the diversification
from the regions that countries thought
is a risky one. And for example, Europe
moving to Russia at that time they saw
it was a safer bet
was there reason to go from Middle East
to Russia?
So I will I think these things this time
we will see the same or similar
responses. And one of them, in my view,
responses will be on the transportation
sector.
>> Really one of arguably the most
important voice speaking right now as we
try and figure out where oil prices go.
That was the IEA executive director
Fatih Birol. He is speaking in Oz, of
course, today this morning and just
we're trying to figure out, of course,
when
at what point they will come in,
uh what their pain thresholds are.
Currently, he's just stating the problem
that it is really a big problem here in
the Asia Pacific in as far as the energy
story goes.
>> Yeah, and I think the big headline that
came through was just the impact this
could have on growth and this is this is
a major threat to the global economy and
also, you know, what are some of the the
plans that they're looking at here right
now, whether it is, of course, another
release of its strategic petroleum
reserves or they've also been talking to
partners like in Canada and Mexico about
ramping up their exports there as well
to help alleviate, of course, the supply
disruptions that we've seen. But yes, as
you talked about, Asia really is sitting
at the forefront of this energy crisis
here right now. We'll leave those
pictures there for now. We'll bring you
the latest ones when we get here more
from Birol there. In terms of the Hong
Kong session is really kind of joining
in the fray of this risk off day just
given the, you know, the threats that
we've heard over the weekend. We had and
did not see any sort of a de-escalation
over the weekend when it comes to the
situation in Iran. And in fact, we are
counting down to about that deadline
Monday evening in the US when President
Trump says, now urging, you know, Iran
to reopen the Strait of Hormuz or face
your power plants being bombed. So Iran
has not backed out and backed down in
any way as well and then talking about
you they're ready to
with their reprisals as well. So
certainly the the continue thing to see
things escalate here. That's why stocks
are selling off here today. The only
really sort of shelter to seek is in the
dollar here this morning. When you start
to see bonds basically, you know, even
treasuries are joining in on the
sell-off here across the board now when
it comes to fixed income. Gold continues
to fall here and we just tracked one of
the worst weeks in in 40 years for gold
prices as well. So, King Dollar once
again, Dave. Yeah, we were trying to
figure out months back what would cause
gold to wobble and at this point the
answer is it's wobbling at the face of
rate hikes.
Potential rate hikes coming through
out of the Fed. Right, as one is
pointing out, right, so really one of
the biggest markets one of biggest hits
across markets right now is really in
Korea. We'll show you what's happening
there, but the chart shows you that we
are back to this key support level on
the 50-day which by the way has held up
several times every time the market
retreated and corrected back to that
level. Let's see whether or not this
actually holds. 5,500, flip the page,
please, on Kospi right now.
51,000
was very much in play for the Nikkei.
We're coming off lows there a little
bit, but who would have thought a few
days into March 50,000 would be a level
to watch on the Nikkei.
Ozzie's less key.
Taiwan is also coming under pressure 2%
there.
US futures, European futures are also up
and running and we are going getting the
same same picture of risk aversion,
albeit of course not to the same extent
and magnitude. Brent West Texas opened
higher and have since pulled back from
highs. Gold, we talked about that 50
4,500 bit
is now behind us as far as the downside
is concerned. Bond markets, twos and
10s, you have the 10s of course in Japan
and also in Oz yields on the way up.
47.48%
probability of a rate hike by October is
the current pricing around the Fed right
now. And of course it's King Dollar,
Dollar China, Dollar Japan, Dollar
Korea, and Dollar Taiwan coming up on
your screens. Yeah, there we go.
Yeah, let's bring in Lan Ting Yu, our
managing editor for Asia equities. She
joins us now from Singapore. It is a sea
of red out there, Lanting.
Yes, it is just getting a lot tougher
for traders this week with this looming
48-hour
deadline to reopen homos for Iran. We've
been asking investors a very important
question, which is how are they game
planning this deadline trading around
this deadline. We've heard quite a few
people talking about various strategies.
For example, Wilson Asset Management,
which has a
hedge fund, they're talking about
trimming risks and not actively putting
on a position leading into this event
just because it's really hard to make a
call. They're also taking long positions
off the table, including those that are
on MSCI EM index and Nikkei 225. And
we've also heard from Tokyo Marine Asset
Management, they're looking they're
seeing that the investors they're
dealing with are actually boosting cash
ratio and also putting on more shorts
and hedging and also adding alternative
asset exposure. And those that are
slightly bravehearted include Federated
Hermes. They're talking about how you
when you see blood on the streets, this
is the time to buy. So, they've been dip
buying stuff, including those in Latin
America in terms of equities.
Is there any sense of panic right now?
I'm just you know, obviously
you know, it's a day-to-day, it's a very
fluid situation, but where are we seeing
the most pain points here right now
across the Asia Pacific?
Yeah, I think it's still those that have
done really well year-to-date. That's
why you're seeing more sell-off in those
equities in South Korea and Nikkei 225.
And we're seeing one little pain point
building actually in mainland China. I
know overall they've done quite better
than the rest of Asia equities, but
we're seeing slight panic. If you look
at Shanghai Composite, the index is
below 4,000. So, now people are talking
about whether the national team is going
to come in. And if they do come in,
it'll actually, you know, make this
market a little bit more resilient than
the rest of the market.
Yeah, there we go. Uh something to
watch, of course, the ETF flows on the
back of that possibility. Lanting,
fantastic. Thank you so much, Lanting,
to our managing editor for Asia
equities. Why do I have a map here
behind me? I really want to highlight
this fantastic piece our colleagues in
EMEA have done, and I'll show you that
piece in a moment. But, effectively,
what it says is that this decades-old
pipeline, this contingency plan that the
Saudis have started to roll out to
really keep the oil flowing. That's the
East-West pipeline. Okay. So, what do we
have here? Middle East. We have four
data sets here that I we we put up. One
is we have in blue, you have only oil
tankers. So, no dry bulk,
no cargo, only oil tankers. Uh the other
thing we have here, crude oil pipelines,
East-West pipeline, that's what we're
talking about right now. We have
seaports, which is uh the one that we're
tracking here today is Yanbu, of course,
which is in the Red Sea
in Saudi Arabia, that part of the
country. Uh and the other thing we have
on online, which are these these these
circles that you see on your screens,
are the refineries, right? And the
they're color-coded, too, right? So,
just to give you an example, anything
that comes off a slightly orange to red
are down, unplanned disruptions to those
facilities, right? So, I'll give you
good point case in point, right? You had
this big gas facility in Qatar, that's
right here, Card Island, just to give
you a sense of geography, Strait of
Hormuz. You have all these vessels that
are lined up on either side, waiting to
get through. You are getting some
getting through, of course. Now, the
point of the story
is that you are getting a lot more flow
through the pipeline here. And that is
another point where you are getting
these vessels lining up the Gulf of Aden
through the Gate of Tears up the Red Sea
and they're waiting to get filled up as
far as the oil story goes. So just watch
it very closely. Now, does that solve
the complete problem of flows? No, it
does not. But you are getting at least a
contingency plan up and running. Let's
have a look at the story, please, if we
can. I'll leave you with a look at that
in as far as what we're seeing in as far
as output goes in that specific asset of
the Saudis. You can check that out at
any Bloomberg terminal. That's also on
the website at home. Yeah, I think
exports was what? Sub 800,000
barrels a day before this war and now
we're talking about fourfold increase
of exports around that area. So
certainly has been in terms of a relief,
I guess you could say here in a vital
relief valve when it comes to what we're
seeing in the face of this Strait of
Hormuz closure. For more on how really
oil markets are digesting the latest,
let's bring in Runway Neo, our Asia oil
trading reporter. He joins us now.
Runway, just bring us up to the latest
here. What are you guys watching out for
today?
So oil markets today open mixed. I think
even that even though that comes on the
back of expectations, we have seen
another bout of escalations in terms of
a war of words between the US as well as
Iran. Now, President Trump has
threatened Iran with a 48-hour timeline
to reopen the Strait of Hormuz and Iran
retaliated by saying that they will
continue to target
its US or Israeli related energy
infrastructure in the Gulf. As things
start to heat up between both sides,
naturally, a lot of market watchers are
expecting this to sort of hint at some
sort of an escalation as we go into the
fourth week of this conflict. But with
the markets as we are seeing right now
on the screen. Um markets have opened
mixed, seemingly because traders are
waiting to see what kind of physical or
more probable um developments before
they will actually start reacting. And
what I mean by something that's more
physical or more tangible, it's probably
something to do with um more progress
when it comes to getting ships across
the Strait of Hormuz, or further direct
attacks on energy infrastructure that
would directly impact on uh the physical
supply coming out from the Gulf. Now, of
course, uh David, like you rightfully
mentioned, uh so one pipeline that has
been in the spotlight is the Yanbu
pipeline that puts Saudi Arabia in kind
of like a better position compared to
its Gulf neighbors, because flows can
still continue um using this contingency
pipeline. But, uh do remember, and uh
let's be reminded that all these flows
are coming out from the Red Sea, and uh
Red Sea is not spared from attacks as
well. We uh recently saw a refinery that
was damaged by a drone strike. Though
the heat of the battle is not at that uh
at the area just yet, uh it remains to
be seen how tangible this workaround can
remain uh for the time to come as this
conflict continues to ensue.
Yeah, it's kind of like the imperfect
analogy is the fire exits
uh that isn't quite as big, of course,
to handle all the flows. Uh the
uh we're hearing from Goldman. They they
they just revised a few hours back their
their projections for Brent. What do we
know about that?
All right. So, um Goldman, along with
other investment banks, have started to
revise their price targets upwards. This
shouldn't come as a surprise uh because
uh we recall what the the forecasts that
other banks were working with, a lot of
them initially came from a state where,
if you still recall some months back, uh
we were still talking about a state of
oversupply in oil markets. And um the
banks are gradually and slowly reacting
to the developing situation as well. Uh
Um, forecasts are slowly creeping up as
everyone all eyes are on how long this
conflict and the disruption at the
Strait of Hormuz would last. And
correspondingly, um, the longer this
conflict lasts, uh, it's expected that
it will take more time to undo the
damages as well. And because of that,
each quarterly expectations would have
to be revised upwards. Still, most banks
maintain that in the long run, um, the
oil markets are still expected or on
track for an oversupply. Though, um,
expectations of that seems to have came
off quite a bit. So, the long story
short, there is still oversupply in the
long, long run, but, uh, in the short
term, everyone's just looking at how the
disruptions could affect near-term
prices.
Rong Wei, thank you. Rong Wei Neo, there
are Asia oil trading reporter. Just
ahead here on shows, uh, Dino Otranto
from Fortescue, the CEO of the joint
says from the CDF and Beijing to talk us
through the, uh, what what what they're
seeing in as far as potentially any
disruptions in their business, plus of
course the outlook coming through at
those times on your screen.
>> But first we speak to one of the
contenders in Korea's so-called AI Squid
Game, the CEO of Upstage, Sung Kim,
joins us next on the Milken Global
Investors Symposium in Hong Kong.
You're watching live pictures out of the
IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol at
the National Press Club in Canberra,
Australia, and just talking about the
impact and damage that we've already
seen when it comes to the infrastructure
side of things in the Middle East. Uh,
Birol did mention at least 40 energy
assets, uh, in that region has already
been damaged and they are now
assessing really and he talked about
this to the FT just a recently in an
interview that it might take at least 6
months
for repairs and for you know really oil
flows to get back to normal
given just the damage that we've already
seen
and the latest there when it comes to
what we're hearing from the Israeli
defense forces as well they have also
started a wild scale strikes on Tehran
infrastructure. This is comments in a
post on the Telegram here this morning.
So we are still seeing quite a bit of
military efforts and and and operations
going on as we speak this morning. So
we're going to leave that there. This is
why we're seeing oil markets and of
course just overall risk assets today
on offer and they were continuing to
follow the risk aversion to all this as
well. Turning into other stories and
what we're seeing across markets here
really kind of bring us our coverage of
Milken's Global Investor Symposium here
in Hong Kong. Let's talk about AI right
one of the short one of the short listed
candidates in what's been called the AI
squid game that's South Korea's
state-backed tournament to identify
leaders in the new technology. Our
correspondent Mimmy Lo is standing by
with our next guest to tell us more.
Mimmy.
Yes, my next guest is here with me now.
It's Sung Kim CEO and co-founder of
Upstage an AI startup in South Korea.
Sung great to have you with us here.
I understand that your company just
agreed to an expanded collaboration with
AMD. Could you tell me a little bit more
about what's in the pipeline? What did
you discuss with Lisa Su in Seoul?
Right. I think the sovereignty of the AI
is more important any other times and
then one of the key idea is that having
all the data in our country. So in order
to do that we need a huge data center
run in our country. So we of course we
have a lot of Nvidia chips in Korea but
we want to diverse by to other uh like
including AMD.
Uh so, that's why I asked the uh Lisa Su
to bring like more than 10,000 GPUs in
Korea. And then, she kind of agreed on
on that, but we currently are
negotiating like how we're going to
bring that uh chips in Korea.
Are you also looking at any hardware
software optimization with AMD, or is it
purely a infrastructural and financial
investment here?
Right. Uh I think that that is very
important. Even though we have a chips,
we do have our own own LLM called the
Solar. The key question is that how we
can run fast and efficiently on AMD
chips or
or any other chips. So, our team itself
has
uh the we call the
the team that to make it more efficient.
But, AMD is much better. They have like
entire like a team working on that. So,
we definitely have a technical
collaborations with AMD as well. So,
what is your road map to scaling your
language model? Because now it's still
quite small with only I think about 10
billion parameters. Right. Right. Right.
So, you said about 10 billion, but
thanks to the our Korean government's
support with a lot of GPUs, now we have
100 billion
uh parameter model for the Solar LLM.
And then, in this summer, we're going to
we're going to have a 200 billion model.
And then, hopefully end of the year, uh
we'll grow up up to like a 300 or even
400 billion.
Then, which can be like a
be really a frontier level model.
Tell me about your client uptake rate.
Because I understand you are now also
looking to sell to overseas clients as
well.
Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. Can I say that
again?
Tell Tell me about your your overseas
expansion, and how how is the client
uptake looking like? I see. I see. The
sovereignty is very important, as I
said, right? So, Korean uh we we are
leading in LLM companies. And when you
look at the other countries like uh
Indonesia or Vietnam, UAE, they are
looking for
this kind of technology. They want to
put their data on their country. They
want to run the model
in their data center. And then they ask
us to help them to
either
know they want to understand how this
like frontier model is going to build.
So we are currently talking with all
these countries and try to transform
transport this
technology to them so they can do all
their own sovereignty on the this AI
and the data. How do you compete with
all the AI startups like MiniMax, coming
from China as well, especially when
they're selling at such low cost? Right,
this is a really good question. I think
this is low cost is coming from two
angles. First of all, how can you build
really smart and large scale model with
a cheap price?
And the second once we have that model,
how can you serve
with a very very low price, right? For
the first angle, we got a lot of a GPUs
from Korean government. So once we have
a large like a lot of a compute, we can
test a lot, we can experience a lot, we
can do a lot of research.
Our company has like really good
technology
to build
high intelligence and the large model
using like only small set of compute. So
if you use this, spend less money to
build a
very, you know, strong intelligence, of
course we can make it really cheap. The
second part, we
as as I mentioned that we talk with our
collaborating with Nvidia and AMD that
we want to develop the technique to
serve our model on their chip very very
efficiently so the cost will be very
very low. Okay, and that is something
that China doesn't have given given
their restricted access to US chips.
I want to talk about that Squid Game
version of the AI model competition in
in South Korea, part of that South
Korean government's plan to select a
sovereign AI model. You're one of the
four companies selected now in that
race. How do you stand out from the
pack? Right. Let me just explain what is
the this
K AI competition. So, basic idea is that
we do have a you know, many companies in
Korea as well. In the Korean
government's perspective, which company
they want to provide more GPUs? This is
always difficult problem. So, the idea
is that they select initially five
companies and then they provide the GPUs
and then every 6 months they evaluate
how good they are and then if
we advance in second and third round,
they're going to provide more more GPUs.
So, eventually like the top two
companies will get more GPUs than even
maybe other you know,
large scale companies. Then we have like
a compute power to do research to make
the intelligence better. That's a Korean
government a very very smart program and
then we were selected as a
initial five and then we advanced in the
second round.
How are we going to how are we going to
compete and win?
That's a very good question. But we are
startup, right? So, we are like a very
very flexible. So, currently we we
collaborate with many many other startup
companies. Also, we developed some
technology called the apps of scaling.
Also, we know how to generate
you know, data set from existing data
set. We have so many technologies to
compete with others.
All right, definitely a very exciting
race as South Korea work towards
achieving sovereignty in its AI model
and AI supply chain. That was Sung Kim,
co-founder and CEO of Upstage.
Yeah,
interesting to see how the competition
all that bears out there. The Squid Game
of AI in South Korea. Min-min, thank you
for bringing that conversation with us.
Min-lo there joining us
out of Milken. And here's a look at how
commodities are doing as we go into that
lunch break and of course well, go to
commercial break I should say. Um yeah,
Brent was we're inching closer to 112
here right now, but we continue to see
uh WTI uh is holding around the $98
level here. Shanghai crude is also up
some 4%. This is Bloomberg.
Taking you about live to those pictures
out in Canberra here this morning where
the IEA executive director Fatih Birol
is at the National Press Club there and
is talking about
in general just the impact of this Iran
uh conflict here uh to of course global
energy supplies and the like. And the
latest is really talking about
Australia, given where he is. He says
can be the rising star of the global
energy economy and they should not
underestimate the growth from batteries.
And so, he is talking a little bit more
about, you know, does this energy crisis
actually boost and ramp up the whole
kind of transition into electrification?
So, he certainly thinks that could
happen in the transport sector,
according to Fatih Birol. Uh but yes, he
he started off this whole talk about the
growing risk that he's seeing in the
economy facing a major major threat from
this war uh and also he hopes that uh
you know, countries like Canada, Mexico
could increase their oil exports.
They're working with those partners
there and they are assessing when to
release more reserves potentially as we
continue to see the volatility when it
comes to oil prices there. We leave you
with some energy stocks and how things
are doing here this morning. Continue to
see but a mixed picture here this
morning. But yes, you can even see
Woodside Santos in Australia heading
higher. And we're walking watching also
some of these helium stocks here as well
just given they do have been thrown into
of course this the supply sort of
constraints as well. This is Bloomberg.
>> We take our trading partners concerns
seriously and we are ready to work with
all parties to promote the sound and
balanced development of trade.
China's excellently talented developer
community is pushing the limits of
innovation every day.
And we're inspired by the many ways
Chinese developers are using technology
to build tools that help people learn
valuable skills, manage their health,
and bring new ideas to life. Energy
prices are likely to stay high for the
foreseeable future putting some
inflation
pressure
and and and also some pressure on the on
on the delivery chain or on
on the supply chain on the supply chain
and and in that sense
the the situation the situation is a
little bit unstable.
There are some of the voices we've heard
out of the China Development Forum in
Beijing and talking about the prospects
there. This is against of course a
backdrop of really just risk aversion
across the board here this morning. Take
a look at when it comes to the damage
report. You are seeing mostly red across
the screen here with the exception of
the US dollar which continues to be the
safe haven of play here just given the
back and forth we've heard from US and
Iran over the weekend where we have not
seen any signs of de-escalation here and
we are inching closer to that one day
sort of deadline 48-hour deadline of
when to either reopen the Strait of
Hormuz or Iran you know faces the threat
of their power plants being bombed. So
certainly that is enough to send risk
assets selling off here this morning.
Gold is continuing to sell off here.
We're just below that 4,400 level and
even China, right? We heard from Bank of
America this morning changing their
forecast when it comes to inflation in
China for 2026. 0.7% for CPI, PPI
inflation they expect to be 0.3% based
on where they think oil prices are going
to have be by mid-March. Uh they say
higher energy prices anchor that
rebound, but then they also think that
that lowers the chances of rate cuts now
in China. Uh so that 20 basis point call
that they had for this year, that has
now been removed. Uh for more really on
how China and companies really
navigating all this here, let's bring in
Stephen Engle. He joins us live now from
uh the China Development Forum with our
next guest.
Yeah, that's right. I mean obviously uh
China's rebalancing is front and center
of what Li Qiang said and many of the
participants here, but at the front of
the minds also are the shocks that are
happening and coming from the Middle
East, no doubt. And those oil prices as
they continue to creep up. Let's
continue this conversation with the CEO
of Fortescue Metals who joins us now
here at the CDF. Dino Otranto, thanks so
much for uh your time, Dino.
Um before we get into energy
diversification and something that
obviously your chairman uh
has talked at length about,
was there anything that the premier said
uh in his speech about rebalancing and
opening up and importing more that
talked directly to you about China's
either directly or indirectly China's
iron ore demand?
Uh thanks for having me again here at uh
CDF, Stephen. Um yeah, you referenced
Premier Li Qiang's um speech yesterday.
Uh what talk stood out for me was the
the the three key points around
stability that he made, policy,
economics domestically, and
international trade.
Uh and for us in moments like this, it's
it's really important to see political
leadership stand up and talk about
long-term stability in moments of crisis
which are impacting us all.
You had a good uh 6-month results that
were out, I believe, uh what, in January
or so, that it was better than expected.
How do you see demand going forward?
Because not only China is talking about
rebalancing, but they're also facing
headwinds in this economy with
rebalancing and the pursuit of
rebalancing, because we've had this
4-year-long property crisis. What are
you seeing going forward into this year
with the added headwind of the oil shock
that potentially could eliminate some uh
growth in China.
Well, I think as as Premier Li Qiang
mentioned yesterday, that the stability
is core and and in front uh of the 15th
5-year plan. Um amongst that, the
diversification of its economy in China.
And we're seeing um certainly from
Fortescue's perspective, the direct
benefits of a rebalanced uh economy here
in China. Uh on the demand for our
product side of iron ore, uh we continue
to see uh a a a flattening, but strong
demand on a much, much bigger um economy
here that that China's established over
the last 20 years. Um but more
importantly for us is a diversification
from its traditional growth sectors of
property into automotives, into
technology,
and really what we're here to talk about
uh particularly today is its transition
away from an oil-based economy. And we
see significant amounts of steel uh
going into that change, as well as other
commodities like copper.
Well, that's a good point.
>> we talk about that energy transition,
let's talk about the prospects, cuz none
of us know when or where the off-ramp is
for this war. Uh there could be
recessionary pressures not only on the
rest of the world, but China. They have
resilience built in, but it could only
last so long. So, where what where are
you gaming out your contingency plans if
indeed China does, like much of the
world, if we go to $300 or beyond even
the price of oil, if there's
recessionary pressures in that.
Look, most mining companies around the
world are heavily reliant on the supply
of oil to run their operations. Our peer
group
every 10 cent change and only 10 cent
change of the oil price will impact us
all by about half a billion dollars.
And you can take the most educated guess
probably of all of us even on where the
oil price will end up. This has serious
ramifications for our industry.
Uh and I want to bring that point to
attention to everyone around the world.
This is not just the moms and dads being
impacted by fuel browser costs. Every
part of our sector is going to be
impacted by this. And that is exactly
why we at Fortescue are doing what we're
doing.
In the next 2 years, we'll be completely
off
diesel. That's nearly 1 billion liters
equivalent. Now, we're doing this for
climate, we're doing this for security,
which is very topical now, and
fundamentally we're doing this for
economics. At the prior long-term oil
price, we're talking about another three
to four dollars off our cost base. We're
already in the box seat. Taking another
15 to 20% off our cost base would create
now an expansive distance between us and
second place.
What does it mean for your
diversification into your product mix?
Almost all of your earnings are from the
core product iron ore. Uh you've been
wanting to get further into copper as
the the rivals BHP and Rio obviously
have and want to as well. You just
purchased the last bit of Alta Copper in
Canada uh with their interest.
How do you see that offer mix and the
product mix changing given these
headwinds?
Look, I think the first and foremost, we
talk about the majority part of our
business, which is iron ore. And as I
said, the diversification that we're
going through will
continuously bring us to the lowest end
of that cost curve, which positions us
well from a market size at 200 million
tons. Products now that cater at the
high, mid, and low grade sector.
Um and as you've said, we've concluded
our acquisition of Alta Copper. It's a
Canadian-based organization, but its
asset is in Peru. We've been there for a
number of years. I think it hasn't got
the attention of the world media yet
because we didn't pay that much for it.
But it is one of the largest untapped
copper deposits yet to be um
properly explored and developed uh
on the planet. Um that was an
acquisition. We've got another three or
four interesting projects in our own
backyard, which we call drill bit
projects, which is really where
Fortescue started. Value through the
drill bit is our strategy. We're not
going to risk the balance sheet by mega
acquisitions. We're going to do more
surgical acquisitions like you saw with
Alta. And in the iron iron ore business,
Red Hawk we concluded towards the end of
last year, which is a massively
value-accretive
um position we've taken to extend the
life of our iron ore business. What's
your M&A outlook given the shocks that
we're facing up right now? Uh if if
certain commodities,
you know, if if if you want to diversify
into these other commodities, where
would you be looking? Look, right now
it's all about securing fuel to sustain
our operations,
uh expand and and fast-track our
electrification journey, which we're
well on track to deliver. And then
opportunistically look at what's in the
market um as a result of these
interruptions. What's the outlook then
for Andrew Forrest's uh goal, and that
was green hydrogen? Um
you've shelved that for now because
again, the high price of electricity,
which is not helped by the high price of
oil right now. Uh where do you see that
going for? Is it is it done and dusted
right now?
>> not. I mean, hydrogen is still first and
foremost um at the center of what we're
doing. But hydrogen, ammonia, green
metal, a lot of the derivatives are all
based off that green electron.
And right now, particularly what we're
doing in decarbonizing our operations,
it's all about the green electron. And
now, with the adoption of an AI
operating system over the entire
ecosystem we've created, we've built 2
to 3 GW of generation, we've got a 5.6
GW hour battery. We're now delivering
green electrons to our own um backyard
at a cost point which will enable that
hydrogen and ammonia to be generated
very soon.
>> I want to go back to iron ore because
again, since 2002, all the iron ore
producers essentially are have entered
into Well, BHP has been a little bit
more contentious with the CMRG, the
China Mineral Resources Group, the
state-owned enterprise that essentially
uh has been assigned to manage uh iron
ore pricing and negotiations. They want
it tied to more of a domestic benchmark,
uh whereas the the global players want
to see those international benchmarks
used. How has your relationship with
China changed since the CMRG was
established? And
have you talked at all with your rivals,
BHP, Rio Tinto? Maybe you come in
together in these negotiations as a
unified force.
Look, um I was here in Beijing when the
CMRG was first introduced to us in the
iron ore sector. Um however, our
relationships with China go back far
beyond 2022 when the CMRG really started
to grow uh its influence in the market.
Now, from that moment on, though, it was
very clear the message is, "We procure
all of your iron ore.
You get all your money from the US, you
get all your equipment from the US.
We need to look at
opening up that relationship."
We've already been doing that.
We've put $6.2 billion in the ground to
decarbonize our operations using solar
panels from China, wind turbines from
China, batteries from China. We now have
a massive lending facility in RMB worth
14 billion RMB
as part of our financing office. We have
the largest procurement order ever of
XCMG trucks worth over 1 billion US
dollars.
>> But if CM RG is digging in its heels at
the behest of the central government
here, at what point does this possibly
turn contentious like it's done with
BHP?
>> Well, I think when you say digging in
its heels, digging the heels on what
point? And what are we trying to solve
for?
>> bit more control on pricing and
negotiations. Well, if that's the
assumption that the CM RG has empowered
to do.
The CM RG from our point, remember I was
there in the very first conversation was
about sharing the prosperity of the iron
ore supply chain.
I think it's been conflated around the
pricing negotiation right now and some
of the optics with some of our peers.
For us, it's about maintaining long-term
relationships with a world of the
network of China to improve our
economics. Remember two to four dollars
a ton, it's going to further reduce it
using Chinese capital, using Chinese
infrastructure, and now Chinese mining
equipment. That's a pretty impressive
um argument you can make to anybody
saying Fortescue may be now a unique
offering in the market compared to some
of our peers. Dino, thanks so much for
your time. We're going to continue the
conversation with you down at Boao which
is coming up this coming week also with
your chairman Andrew Forrest. Okay,
guys,
back to you. Busy day here on day two,
the final day of the CDF. Back to you.
Great conversations there, Steve. Of
course, our thanks to Dino Otranto there
from Fortescue Metals. Uh just talking
really about uh all things in energy and
all of course all things I should say uh
when it comes to iron ore and the
relationship with China. Now, a reminder
of our new online feature as well on our
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming news and
interviews, all our Bloomberg TV shows,
documentaries, reporter analysis, and
more. Make sure to check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
Part of what we're seeing markets are in
a bit of a free fall here this morning,
especially when it comes to Treasuries,
is certainly what we've been seeing
about the possibility of these rate cuts
being priced out. In fact, you know,
just last month we were talking about
two rate cuts for this year. Now we're
talking about rate hikes have been added
to the table here. And really we're
pricing in it's a 50/50 shot now that we
might actually see a rate hike from the
Federal Reserve by October of this year.
So certainly things have pivoted sharply
and really kind of following what we're
seeing here, the Treasury markets to
what we saw in in global fixed income
markets after the ECB, after the BOE
signaled that they might have to really
tighten in the face of this energy
crisis. So certainly the thing that
really reigns high is the king dollar
here this morning. We continue to see
that haven bid to the US dollar and you
are seeing EMFX falter in a slightly
here this morning. The yuan still
hovering at 691 level here this morning
about 1509 for Korean won. As we track
Treasuries, right with talk about
multi-month highs when it comes to US
Treasuries here. So they're catching up
in terms of the yield melt up we've seen
against bonds, against gilts of late
here. We're just inching closer back to
4% levels for the US two-year yield. And
certainly we talk about Aussie 10-year
yields, we're actually at multi-year
highs
right now. South Korea certainly has
been adding to this whole debate about
what to do in the face of this, you
know, inflationary shock. And they've
actually nominated Shin Hyoeng Song as
the nation's next central bank governor.
The senior BIS official will be steering
monetary policy at a time of growing
uncertainty due to the war in Iran. For
more, let's bring in Bloomberg economist
Heo Sung Kwan.
Tell me a little bit more about who Shin
is and what do you think are the
implications around his nomination?
Uh so, I think the president pick of
Shin-Hyun-Song as the next to be okay
governor
signals a commitment to a central bank
independence of and credibility,
especially at a time that external
uncertainty is raising South Korea's
inflation and exchange
rate risks.
Shin Shin is a prominent
renowned
renowned economist and
he served as as BIS economic advisor and
head of BIS chief research
head of research.
He has
advocated that central bank independence
and credibility is crucial in delivering
monetary and financial stability.
So,
uh
I think
probably President Lee has learned
important lesson from the selection
process of FMC chair by the President
Trump that
market really cares about
central bank independence.
And I'm sure we'll learn more about
Shin's views
in the coming weeks and months ahead.
Tell us what you know about his monetary
policy stance. Is he is he more dovish?
Is he more hawkish?
Uh we need several weeks or months to
correctly evaluate the Shin's policy
preference as governor, but from his
academic works and his speech at the
BIS, I think he's a pragmatic hawk
who is
likely to take preemptive tightening to
curb inflation risks and unlikely to
look through financial stability risks.
But, he's not a he's not a dogmatic hawk
because he recently mentioned that if
the current oil price shock is
temporary, then central banks can look
through the shock. And at the same time,
he also announced that he will take a
balanced approach among inflation,
growth, and financial stability risks.
Overall, I think
Shin will raise the possibility that
faster rate hike of the BOK. Currently,
my view is that BOK will start raising
interest rate in the first quarter of
next year.
Okay.
Thank you so much. We'll continue to get
your take on it once we hear more of of
course of Shin Hyo-Song Kwon there, our
Bloomberg economist joining us out of
Seoul this morning. And as we talk
about, right, this inflationary impact
really does change the whole inflation
and growth dynamics for for central
banks around the world, and even for
companies that are dealing with higher
input costs now potentially here. And
certainly, PepsiCo has been front and
center. We've been asking the company
really in Beijing about what to do in
the face of rising cost pressures. And
we did speak with the APAC CEO, Anne
Tse, about how really
geopolitical pressures and cost
pressures are really just forcing them
to source their ingredients locally. She
spoke to us exclusively in Beijing.
Well, it is a really a whole
ecosystem that we manage with very close
partners. We are mostly hedged. We have
our facility and our various commodities
hedged. And then we also have a very
local sourcing program. In fact, 95% of
our locally
sourced ingredients are done local. And
then we also have
you know, very solid program that we
actually work with our know, partners
that we actually manage on a multi-year
basis. How far out are you hedged on
certain key ingredients? I mean, I I
think you one of your biggest crops that
you buy is potatoes locally, uh but I
mentioned sugar, and then there's the
fertilizer. We don't know how long this
uh turmoil is going to last. Yeah, I
know. We are we are definitely um you
know, watching the situation very, very
closely. Um you know, in fact, we are
one of the largest potato grower uh our
uh partners who are local growers. So,
uh we are very confident that, you know,
uh we are very resilient when it comes
to uh you know, upstream supply.
Well, we talked you know, broadly about
innovation that you've implemented, but
how specifically do you use AI?
We use AI in every part of the value
chain, really. I mean, if we uh think
about at the very upstream agro, we use
uh our tech to help us uh do precision
uh agriculture. So, uh the irrigation,
the fertilization, all this will be done
with precision using AI to help us uh to
track the crops. Certainly, in the
factory, we're using AI and digital
twins for us to drive precision,
quality, and then obviously productivity
in the value chain. We're using AI to
help us uh scout our consumer new
trends, uh social listening, and then
we're using AI to help us uh create uh
and mass added and mass customized our
consumer material, as well. So, it it is
done every part uh in the value chain.
How about food manufacturing though? It
helps with efficiency, but does that
mean fewer people?
It is not absolutely fewer people, uh
but it's actually the people are being
uh upskilled, and then they are deployed
across more facility. Remember, we have
uh you know, five manufacturing plant in
China over the last 5 years. We were
able to uh service these plants without
having to add a whole lot of people, but
then we at the same time, we are
actually upskilling our folks. Are you
going to be adding more factories in
China, or just making those existing
five more efficient? We will be making
the five more efficient Uh for the short
time because it is quite a bit of
capacity that we added over the last
couple of years, but the market is huge.
So, we will be adding more in the future
as we see the demand show up.
Looking at the crisis we are in
Asia is at the forefront
of this crisis.
I started
today with Australia. I am having this
event and afterwards with the Prime
Minister.
Tomorrow I am flying to Tokyo
to meet the Mrs. Prime Minister.
Maybe afterwards another Asian
country because this part of the world
is at the forefront.
And that was the IEA executive director
Fatih Birol there speaking at an event
hosted by the Australian National Press
Club in Canberra there. Talking about
the vulnerabilities of course in this
region when it comes to the supply
constraints, that certainly is one thing
to watch. Take a look at what comes to
Brent prices. We basically have
come off from the initial lows and we're
back to session highs here as well, back
to 112 levels for Brent here. Of course,
we're watching very closely of course
movers, but it is risk off across the
board here. Coal stocks though are
certainly is going to be maybe the
beneficiary of all this as well just
given that you know given the energy
constraints, does that boost the use of
coal? That certainly is what we're
seeing with some of these Chinese coal
stocks here and we leave you with pork
stocks as well given the margin
pressures
as of course the costs worsen.